remove op jobs from sensor concept page (#22182)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/sensors.mdx

To define a sensor, use the <PyObject object="sensor" decorator /> decorator. The decorated function can optionally have a `context` as the first argument. The context is a <PyObject object="SensorEvaluationContext" />.

Let's say you have an asset definition that takes a file as input:

```python file=concepts/partitions_schedules_sensors/sensors/sensors.py startafter=start_asset_job_sensor_marker endbefore=end_asset_job_sensor_marker
from dagster import define_asset_job, sensor, RunRequest, Definitions

my_job = define_asset_job("my_job", [my_asset])

@sensor(job=my_job)
def my_asset_input_file_sensor():
    last_modified_time = os.path.getmtime("inputfile.csv")
    return RunRequest(run_key=str(last_modified_time))

defs = Definitions(sensors=[my_asset_input_file_sensor], assets=[my_asset])
```

> You can write a sensor that watches for changes to the input file and requests a run to re-materialize `my_asset` each time it encounters one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can write a sensor that watches for changes to the input file and requests a run to re-materialize `my_asset` each time a change occurs:
```

Kinda nitpicky, but this sounds clearer to me

```python file=concepts/partitions_schedules_sensors/sensors/sensors.py startafter=start_asset_job_sensor_marker endbefore=end_asset_job_sensor_marker
from dagster import define_asset_job, sensor, RunRequest, Definitions

my_job = define_asset_job("my_job", [my_asset])

@sensor(job=my_job)
def my_asset_input_file_sensor():
    last_modified_time = os.path.getmtime("inputfile.csv")
    return RunRequest(run_key=str(last_modified_time))

defs = Definitions(sensors=[my_asset_input_file_sensor], assets=[my_asset])
```

> By default, this sensor runs every 30 seconds. It checks the last modified time for "inputfile.csv" and returns <PyObject object="RunRequest"/> based on it. Only one run will be launched for each unique value passed to the `run_key` parameter, which means that only one run will be launched each time the file is modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this sensor runs every 30 seconds. It checks the last modified time for `inputfile.csv` and returns <PyObject object="RunRequest"/> based on it. Only one run will be launched for each unique value passed to the `run_key` parameter, which means that only one run will be launched each time the file is modified.
```

Added some formatting, but also:

> checks the last modified time for `inputfile.csv` and returns <PyObject object="RunRequest"/> based on it

"Based on it" meaning what, exactly? That the file has a more recently modified timestamp than the last time it was checked? Or does the run request do something with that timestamp data?

I imagine it's the former based on the sentence that follows this one, but being more specific here would be good
